the reason you look at this
video and because one of your friends
talk about the opportunity to create a
business together with your friends
your friend obviously trust you
is of the opinion that you are perfect for this
business otherwise you would not be in the process
to watch this video
this opportunity we live in
talk is a good way to win a
little money next to your activity
principal whatever and studies or your
job
however unlike a job
normal you are not attached to a place of
work nor a fixed schedule
instead you share a product
exceptional a great idea and you
have the opportunity to meet all the
new people time
before entering more details of the status
on board
my name is when a judge comes from
luxembourg i'm 20 years old and i'm in
train my studies in economics at
st gall and just like you I heard
talk about this opportunity through a
of my friends
just like paulo you homework
have heard through me that makes
five months that I am in this business
and what speaks to me the most and makes that
my income is directly related to my
effort without him having someone in me
who tell me clothes side is already
do that mean I'm not
paid a fixed rate per hour instead of
this my income and results directly
invested efforts
that means more service 'efforts
in this business many are of money
so what do we do concretely
to get this income
we work that company that
is called new hand the match
food supplement company
which was supplied in Arizona in 2004
that is, she has only the word
initially vma focused on the
US market
but since 2013 emma began to have
more and more impact on new
European markets this does not seem
a real opportunity for you to know
that currently less than 2000 people
between 18 and 27 years old rubble etc departure to
across europe while europe to
over 700 million people then
what do we do we do
publicity
the business mode used by vma
call each other accused and if
you hear here for the first time
this is business mode that
goes on a layer in May indeed the
most of us practice the mouth
by ear when I love years without really
realize as an example let's say you
spear the masts and watching the movie that
you really have therefore you will
talk with friends about this movie since
your friends trust you they go to you
believe and most likely go
watch this movie
now or another time basically so you
generated additional revenue for
the cinematographic enterprise since
friends to pay to watch this
movie at the cinema
however he will certainly not be
rewarded for bringing back the
new customers for most of them
we are you look totally
ridiculous nevertheless not going to do
exactly opposite and pays his
partners like me recommended was
product to tell my friends like you this is
logical since spending money
in advertising to the magazine or brochure
at the bottom of things we
pay more attention but my realized
than usual this own partners
is the most important for his business
and so chose to spend his budget
in the recommendations of
partners allow me to you
ask for something
do you remember the
last TV ad on youtube
in a magazine you saw
probably not since we are
bombarded daily with so much
of different advertising that we
simply choose that we there
pay attention to what we do
really care about our family
love their opinion peace what they did not
account then that being said what is the
message we want to pass on
as a young generation we
work with fear if you do not have
still seen before be ready because
that you will see as the coup
most currently watched the drink
the healthiest energy on the market
the company vma is called as follows
essential vitamins minerals mambo
style and aloe vera and every can of
woerth that you see here we hold this
vma formula
the reason we work
with these fish and that if you are
think well all our friends consume
already energy drinks soda or
coffee most of our friends spending
already their money in this kind of
products we offer them to stop
to spend money for parties
gives role starwood starbucks them
products that provide coffee and
calories from quick sugars and by
consequence of health problems and
to use this money for greens who
give you your daily dose my
vitamins and minerals and that offers you the
possibility of creating a monthly withdrawal
consistent with activities
main
compared to previous generations
our generation has means of
communication more effective almost
each of your acquaintances a
mobile phone internet and facebook
nowadays it is extremely easy
to stay in touch with your friends
let's not forget that this was our
generation who did what facebook
facebook is today and after all
like dream have heard of
facebook through word of mouth
he never had advertising ad ad
for facebook
basically it was us who would contribute to
Facebook's expansion and that made
from billionaire mark zuckerberg
the way of thinking from elsewhere guy
prevost logis youth revolution is
very different from that of the generations
previous youth
this movement is difficult to accept
to exchange his most valuable asset the
time against a fixed income per hour
like school of form to do it
ask yourself yourself and you really
of opinion that you are worth 5 10 or 50 euros or
francs per hour you think you're worth
more than that I advise you strongly
interested in more class too because it
could be the white goat for you
how can I participate I have everything
simply ordered widow cans
personal consumption attitude
because you are convinced of the product seen
that you like the product you want in
talk to other people like
example of friends or your wife through the
growth of its network of
consumers there after
recommendations relate to the product you
will also increase his income that you
have created a source of income
additional to the business even though
it's always skeptical about the
credibility of this society widow of the
official energy drink of the team
phoenix basketball in nba team
in the United States more importantly
Rayman is recommended in
pharmacies as products
multivitamin
so I have news for you this thing is
exploding in November the year
last only same case benefit
of 120 million
this year they have already reached the
profit of 120 million it is estimated
until the end of the year it
will rise to over 200 million at wholesale
society is developing
very quickly and cashing in at his
beginnings if you are interested after all
what you heard back at
the person who sent you this
video that told us about this
opportunity because if you think that
these have already interesting
you will be blown away after
everything seen in detail and if you want us
contact you can find give in
below this video and you can
contact us on facebook or by email
in case of questions will only be
pleased to explain the completeness of
this business
remember the closed mind is the
most expensive thing in the economy
so look it's an open mind in
considering the opportunity vma thank you
a lot for your time and we
hope to see you soon in our team